c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe.config
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.pdb
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.g.resources
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.exe
c:\users\zx199\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.pdb
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe.config
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.pdb
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.g.resources
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.exe
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.pdb
C:\Users\zx199\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Serial_new\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
